# BioXTAS Notes

I'm going back and forth with installing BioXTAS into the Docker container from a source zip file and/or directly from GitHub `main`.

Currently, this file does not work

`https://github.com/jbhopkins/bioxtasraw/archive/refs/tags/v2.2.2.zip`

I'm not sure if it is the same as:

`https://sourceforge.net/projects/bioxtasraw/files/RAW-2.2.2-source.zip/download`

Installing from GitHub main ef5a982a862a770f92861a30b3696af0f50e5e95 does seem to work.

from jbhopkins:

    Why not just grab a predownloaded zip of the current main branch? On the main page if you click the green code button, at the bottom of the menu that appears you'll see an option to download a zip, which is going to be the most update date. Alternatively you could use the git export function to generate a zip from a version of the git you have checked out.
    Screenshot.2024-03-05.at.4.11.30.PM.png (view on web)

    In regards to the request for a new version, unfortunately it takes me several days (sometimes a week) to do all the necessary test, build the pre-built installers, update the documentation, etc. for a new version release and I don't have the time to do that now. I'd recommend grabbing the zip of the main branch as described above. If that doesn't work for you, let me know and we can figure out another solution.

    As to your question about the zip files, probably? Sourceforge hosts the official released versions. Anything on github is autogenerated when I make a tag. They're probably the same, but you should default to using the sourceforge one.
